Add discussions file (#24)
windows-toolkit/WindowsCommunityToolkit-wiki: Discussions.md

> [Discussions](https://github.com/windows-toolkit/WindowsCommunityToolkit/discussions) is a great way to explore different options in the toolkit such as answering questions that are posed in the [Questions & Help]( https://github.com/windows-toolkit/WindowsCommunityToolkit/discussions/categories/questions-help) section, contribute towards feature or ideas mentioned in the [Ideas]( https://github.com/windows-toolkit/WindowsCommunityToolkit/discussions/categories/ideas) section, [Show and tell]( https://github.com/windows-toolkit/WindowsCommunityToolkit/discussions/categories/show-and-tell) to explore things other community have worked on and share your own story or accomplishments, or feel free to share any general discussion in the [General](https://github.com/windows-toolkit/WindowsCommunityToolkit/discussions/categories/general) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Discussions](https://github.com/windows-toolkit/WindowsCommunityToolkit/discussions) are a new feature of GitHub to make it easier to engage with our community on a variety of topics that may not all be specific to 'issues' within the Toolkit itself. We prefer that folks start a discussion first unless they are confident it is an issue with something in the Toolkit's code. (This includes feature requests.)

A great way to explore different options in the toolkit is searching or answering questions that are posed in the [Questions & Help](https://github.com/windows-toolkit/WindowsCommunityToolkit/discussions/categories/questions-help) section, contribute towards feature or ideas mentioned in the [Ideas]( https://github.com/windows-toolkit/WindowsCommunityToolkit/discussions/categories/ideas) section, [Show and tell]( https://github.com/windows-toolkit/WindowsCommunityToolkit/discussions/categories/show-and-tell) to explore things other community have worked on and share your own story or accomplishments, or feel free to share any general discussion in the [General](https://github.com/windows-toolkit/WindowsCommunityToolkit/discussions/categories/general) section.
```

Reviewer: We may also just want to make the list of sections just a bulleted list.

> All of these are great ways to contribute and add value to the Windows Community Toolkit. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All of these are great ways to contribute and add value to the Windows Community Toolkit and its community. 
```
